Document update (#611)
MetaMorphic-Digital/draw-steel: src/docs/System-Automation.md

If an ability is programmed with damage, untyped or typed, then when the ability is used, a button will appear in the chat window that is showing the power roll result, which will automatically apply the damage to a selected token. This also immediately takes damage weaknesses and immunities into account *(see below)*

> ## Enrichers and applied damage from chat messages

Reviewer: I would rather just point people to the Enrichers page.

If an actor falls below 50 % of their maximum stamina, they automatically get the `winded` status effect applied to them. This status does not have any effects by itself.
If the actor's stamina gets healed above the 50 % threshold, the `winded` status automatically if removed.

## Active Effects

> The above automated conditions are bespoke active effects usable via the token HUD, but may further be enhanced directly via active effects. This is explained in more detail in the `Active Effect` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above automated conditions are canonical statuses applicable via the token HUD, but may further be enhanced directly via active effects. This is explained in more detail in the `Active Effect` page.
```

> ### Linking status effects

Reviewer: We should try to minimize how many times we repeat information; this page should *only* be used for explaining information that's not otherwise covered.
